s/\"//g
s/\.//g
s/\// /g
s/\*//g
s/://g
s/;//g
s/(//g
s/)//g
s/<//g
s/>//g
s/\-/ /g
s/  / /g
s/  / /g
s/ & / /g
s/VIROLOGY /VIROL /g
s/VETERINARY /VET /g
s/VETERINAIRE /VET /g
s/UNIVERSITY /UNIV /g
s/UNIVERSITE /UNIV /g
s/UNIVERSITAT /UNIV /g
s/UNIVERSITAET /UNIV /g
s/UNIVERSITA /UNIV /g
s/UNIVERSIDAORE /UNIV /g
s/UNIVERSIDAD /UNIV /g
s/UNIV UNIV /UNIV /g
s/UNITE /UNIT /g
s/UNIDAD /UNIT /g
s/TOXICOLOGY /TOXICOL /g
s/TECHNOLOGIES /TECH /g
s/TECHNOLOGIE /TECH /g
s/TECHNOL /TECH /g
s/TECHNIQUES /TECH /g
s/TECHNIQUE /TECH /g
s/SYSTEME /SYST /g
s/SUPERIEURE /SUP /g
s/SUPERIEUR /SUP /g
s/SUPER /SUP /
s/STATISTIQUES /STAT /g
s/STATISTIQUE /STAT /g
s/STATION /STN /g
s/SOCIETE /SOC /g
s/SERVICE /SERV /g
s/SCIENCES /SCI /g
s/SCHOOL /ECOLE /g
s/SAINT /ST /g
s/RESEARCH /RECH /g
s/REGLEMENTATION /REG /g
s/REGIONAL /REG /g
s/RECHERCHES /RECH /g
s/RECHERCHE /RECH /g
s/RECHERCH /RECH /g
s/PROTEINES /PROT /g
s/PROGRAMME /PROG /g
s/PROGRAMA /PROG /g
s/PROGRAM /PROG /g
s/PHYSIOLOGIE /PHYSIOL /g
s/PHISICO CHIMIE /PHYSICOCHIMIE /g
s/PHARMACOL /PHARM /g
s/PHARMACEUT /PHARM /g
s/PATOL /PATHOL /g
s/PATHOLOGIE /PATH /g
s/PATHOLOGIA /PATHOL /g
s/OFFICE /OFF /g
s/OBSERVATOIRE /OBS /g
s/OBSERV /OBS /g
s/NATIONALE /NATL /g
s/NATIONAL /NATL /g
s/NAT /NATL /g
s/NACL /NATL /g
s/LABORATORY /LAB /g
s/LABORATORIUM /LAB /g
s/LABORATORIO /LAB /g
s/LABORATORIE /LAB /g
s/LABORATOIRE /LAB /g
s/LABORATOERIO /LAB /g
s/ISTITUTO /INST /g
s/INTERNATIONALE /INT /g
s/INTERNATIONAL /INT /g
s/INSTIUTE /INST /g
s/INSTITUTE /INST /g
s/INSTITUT /INST /g
s/HOSPITAL /HOP /g
s/HOSP /HOP /g
s/GROUPEMENT /GRP /g
s/GROUPE /GRP /g
s/GENETIC /GEN /g
s/GENERAL /GEN /g
s/FRANCAISE /FR /g
s/FRANCAIS /FR /g
s/FAK /FAC /g
s/FACULTY /FAC /g
s/FACULTE /FAC /g
s/FACULTAD /FAC /g
s/FACULDADE /FAC /g
s/ETABLISSEMENT /ETAB /g
s/ESCUELA /ECOLE /g
s/ECOL /ECOLE /g
s/DIPARTMENTO /DEPT /g
s/DIPARTIMENTO /DEPT /g
s/DIFFERENTIATION /DIFF /g
s/DIFFERENTIAT /DIFF /g
s/DEPTO /DEPT /g
s/DEPARTMENTO /DEPT /g
s/DEPARTMENT /DEPT /g
s/DEPARTEMENT /DEPT /g
s/DEPARTAMENTA /DEPT /g
s/DEP /DEPT /g
s/COOPERATIVES /COOP /g
s/COOPERATIVE /COOP /g
s/COOPERATION /COOP /g
s/COOPERAT /COOP /g
s/CLINIQUE /CLIN /g
s/CENTRO /CTR /g
s/CENTRE /CTR /g
s/CENTER /CTR /g
s/CENT /CTR /g
s/BIOLOGY /BIOL /g
s/BIOLOGIE /BIOL /g
s/BIOCHIM /BIOCHIMIE /g
s/BIO /BIOL /g
s/ARTIFICIELLE /ARTIF /g
s/ARTIFICIELL /ARTIF /g
s/ARTIFICIEL /ARTIF /g
s/ARTIFICIE /ARTIF /g
s/APPLIQUEES /APPL /g
s/APPLIQUES /APPL /g
s/APPLIQUEE /APPL /g
s/APPLIQUE /APPL /g
s/AGRONOMY /AGR /g
s/AGRONOMIQUES /AGR /g
s/AGRONOMIQUE /AGR /g
s/AGRONOMIE /AGR /g
s/AGRONOM /AGR /g
s/AGRON /AGR /g
s/AGRO /AGR /g
s/AGRICULTURAL /AGRI /g
s/ACADEMY /ACAD /g
s/ACADEMIE /ACAD /g
s/ XIII / 13 /g
s/ XII / 12 /g
s/ XI / 11 /g
s/ X / 10 /g
s/ VOOR / /g
s/ VIII / 8 /g
s/ VII / 7 /g
s/ VI / 6 /g
s/ V / 5 /g
s/ THE / /g
s/ ON / /g
s/ OF / /g
s/ LA / /g
s/ IX / 9 /g
s/ IV / 4 /g
s/ III / 3 /g
s/ II / 2 /g
s/ I / 1 /g
s/ L'/ /g
s/ SUR / /g
s/ FUR / /g
s/ FUER / /g
s/ FOR / /g
s/ ET / /g
s/ EN / /g
s/ DU / /g
s/ DI / /g
s/ DES / /g
s/ DE / /g
s/ D'/ /g
s/ D / /g
s/ AND / /g
s/INST NATL AGR /INRA /g
s/INST NATL RECH AGR /INRA /g


